think of him everybody do another
video for bins you have to try
to make an assembly where a
rally
the cpo because every two weeks is
pro common sense there is only me
videos and photos on facebook then to
greens in recycling
they are either no problem it's a
superb good facade ideas in
the Acadian Peninsula give up the
recycling I find that even that took
too much time
in front of me I'm talking about eating trash cans
sosa pad allure saâles the animals
born makes us the the foot gates that has
all the business theirs I
working at night I arrive at 5 o'clock
then in the village does not see much
and then on those same ones elsewhere does I
find that it takes pontoon style
every two weeks
there is someone who wrote to me then at 10k
morial co2 week or two weeks
twice a week scud c then
can musts did not do any corners
street to do the same here up and then
it does not make sense
it's like you treat me and trash
auch but Friday then Saturday or
the Sunday you eat
ddd fish that two things tomorrow
without a safe pedal or two weeks this
can be done
to talk to the mayor of the village for
who make the pressure speak
directly to him who will be elected I
know who for whom you were
again but we must try to do
everyone together with the mayors
of the village with the committees not perso
ccpo village which firefighters
the all the fonts then you have to
do with that because it takes
put pressure because two
weeks it's too much
I booked for me2 week ago
then all alone then it starts to feel
I have no bin yet so they
have announced I am happy legault a
said I understand more all alone I
said I would not have it so much
then the life explaining of the pontreau
piadina there are no problems
ramon hearing it's either you understand that
that's when it does not have a ferry
that we can to hang them weapons
then the worst is to put the trash
I'm talking about recycling the trash two
weeks it's too much
there are a lot of people when greens
in their tray and then it stinks worse
was going to make us any kind of animal
can feel without skin look prod
look done you have to make short with
only from the peninsula
then that they can present us
other than that it just please
must it move
two weeks is too much hi